hello what is up everybody is sneaking
back with some more Trini kit subscriber
matches for this week this first one is
coming from auntie Cena 571 this person
wanted to see Jack Swagger vs drew
McIntyre and uh it's a good because i
don't think i've ever used either in a
match ever so good to show off some new
blood here and i'll be using Jack
Swagger for this match I figure uh
probably old smackdown on to you
alrighty then let's turn this up a bit
remember when these two guys were
relevant yeah me neither geez man
the following contest is
alrighty then here comes the former
world heavyweight champion if you can
remember that run I think she had he won
the world heavyweight championship by
cashing in his Money in the Bank versus
a Chris Jericho after Chris Jericho
finished a match he went in and cash it
in and become the became the world
champion in 2010 it hasn't done anything
big since so that's that drew McIntyre
oh damn I don't even know what happened
to him man you have to watch WB else the
things our superstars superstars to find
out what's going on with Drew McIntyre
may be here and there on Smackdown I
remember when Drew was actually being
pushed as the next big thing is he was
duh he was destined to be that though he
was a chosen one right chosen by Vince
McMahon to be a future World Heavyweight
Champion and look how that turned out
you know sucks maybe he will get that
push but I don't see any time soon it
looked like go back to the Smackdown
2011 Elimination Chamber drew looks so
dominant in that mesh and I was actually
rooting for Drew McIntyre he looks so
great in that
second I didn't think I was controlling
the guy was like he's doing stuff that I
wanted to do
oh gosh i can't go to get a good grapple
up come on come on there we go nice
power slam reversal there
see what we got Jack Swagger is a
grappler in this game so that means you
can chain grapple moves together I just
have not found any combos so I'll just
be fighting very regulator I still know
how to do that though almost every
grapple in this game can bust out a
charged up Boston Crab so that works to
my benefit
he's up why are you still cheering it
nice German suplex what do you got here
what is this
I don't know what that is I honestly
don't know that it
abdominal stretch here
we got out of it because I let him go
rejected
nice another reversal good good good
going to show off these two talents as
to why they should be pushed man believe
it or not Jack Swagger actually got a
win over Randy Orton way back so uh I
mean he's got something on his checklist
of great means that he's defeated not
just your average jabbers and under
Carter's mid Carter's and such he has
had a clean victory over Randy Orton
back when he was a more or less
unstoppable in 2010 but that was at the
beginning of Gordon's face run anyway so
I could have ended it but I'll keep it
going belly-to-belly suplex
just dismantling Drew McIntyre at this
point
I think I could do the swagger bomb
right let's try for that next
match this is
oh I guess I can't
maybe yes the wrong set of buttons I'll
try another one
well you know when he allows me to blow
what's this
gut wrench powerbomb that was his
finisher
but um
I guess we got the ankle lock courtesy
of I wasn't say courtesy of Kurt Angle
but hell Ken Shamrock used it first and
w.e before kringle ever did so you can't
say it was patented by him but Jack
Swagger gets the win and proves to
management and the creative team that he
does deserve the push I'm just saying
and in real life not just the game that
I put on for you this whole match thing
but he's a damn good in-ring performer
he can't put on a good match so I think
he deserves a bit of a push as does drew
McIntyre I think they both have well
drew McIntyre has the charisma / mic
skills to get at least a World
Heavyweight Championship if Jack's like
get a World Heavyweight Championship to
McIntyre can get a while having a
championship and not have this whole
gimmick where he gets fired every week
but uh I think that it that ends now
because John Laurinaitis is the general
manager of both Smackdown and raw so
that's that hope you guys enjoyed thank
you again auntie Cena 571 for Lawson
Matt request if you have a match request
go to the comment section below let me
know what match you want to see and you
can have a chance to have your match up
next week I'm thinking you know what I'm
actually going to do five more matches
this week i'll probably put them up on
friday so this will be 10 matches this
week so that's it for that and uh
anything else yet comment on the page
inbox me comment on my pay I said
comment on it see I haven't done this
for like a while so just because I'm
just getting messed up in there anyway
that's it in the comment rate please do
subscribe this has been trinnock it
again thank you auntie Sheila 571 check
you guys later